Add `LiteralList` and `JoinUnion` types (#1159)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`IsUnion`](source/is-union.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a union.
- [`IsLowercase`](source/is-lowercase.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given string literal is lowercase.
- [`IsUppercase`](source/is-uppercase.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given string literal is uppercase.

> - [`LiteralList`](source/literal-list.d.ts) - Validates a literal Tuple `List` against a required union `Shap`. Returns `List` if valid, else an Error string.

Reviewer: Descriptions should be about the intent, not the actual implementation.
```suggestion
- [`LiteralList`](source/literal-list.d.ts) - Enforces that a tuple contains exactly the members of a union type, with no duplicates or omissions.
```
